hi I'm Devin and I like to ride scooters
hey I'm Marshall monoxide readers too
all right and who are you doesn't know
and who are you
doesn't know all right let's see some
razor scooter riding guys tell us what
you're doing what's that called all
right let's see it Oh can't be footwork
[Music]
and what are you doing Martha I can play
we're because he's weed little when you
do that ChaCha
let's see the Flamingo thing Marshall
and who are you in the bathing suit with
your race and what's your name Oh what
are you doing buddy the wee man and you
guys ride your scooters side by side
without running into each other without
going too fast since you don't have any
helmets on
there they go
and we never saw that again all right
okay let's suppose see you side by side
then oh look at that
[Music]
watch out frantically I got the same ice
cream as my brother ten seconds once you
just called to jump back on here we go
two at a time look at him go there watch
the TV
[Music]
[Applause]
she said she says I love candy and I
love my dad a mom no nice footwork there
module
all right any last words
peace out peace out Marceau any last
thing you want to say I'm on your pants